- [Instructor] So after the code for an issue
or feature has been placed into a feature branch
and a merge request has been built,
the next step in GitFlow is to do a code review
of the changes that have been requested to be merged.
So we're logged in to GitLab as the maintainer
and it's up to the maintainer to review the code,
so if they navigate to the Merge Request section
they're going to see there's new work for them.
They need to look at this merge request
and perform a code review.
So once you drill down into the merge request,
you'll be able to see what changes
are found in that request.
You can see the commits, so here we see there's one commit
within this merge request
and to see the files that we need to review,
you can click on the Changes tab.
So the maintainer takes a look and we say
"Well, we kind of wanted feature-a, not just feature."
So if we hover over the line that we'd like to comment on,
we can click on this Comment button
and that allows us to communicate with the contributor
regarding the change that they've provided
for their merge request,
so let's just say "This should have been feature-a
"instead of feature."
So you can see right within GitLab,
we can communicate back and forth regarding the code
and attach comments right to the line of code
we'd like to provide our feedback on,
so it's a great mechanism for code reviews.
So let's go ahead and add this comment
and now that's going to signal to the contributor
that they need to make some changes
before the maintainer is going to accept this code
and integrate it into develop.
So let's navigate now over to the terminal
and what we're going to do is work as the contributor
to apply those changes.
Okay, so the contributor opens the feature-list file
and they go in and apply the recommendations
of the maintainer.
They write the file and then they can commit the changes
to the file.
Once again, we're going to add that nifty Fix syntax
with our issue number and then we'll just say
"Recommendations applied".
Okay, so the contributor has applied the changes
from the code review and then they push those up
for their feature branch
and they'll need to provide their credentials
and now at this point,
they have answered the call of the code review
and we have a better product.
So if we go into GitLab now,
the contributor should log in
and update the merge request,
so we'll log in with their credentials,
we'll navigate into the project,
and then we can go into the merge request
and if we click on it, we can then provide some feedback
back to the maintainer,
so we can say "This feedback has been applied."
and then we can actually use a quick action
to say that we spent one hour making the fix.
So we'll go ahead and make that comment.
You'll notice that the time tracking updates
to track that time that we spent on making this fix.
You'll also notice that we get this history
of the merge request and all the work
that's been done towards it.
So now we have completed our code review
and we're ready for the next step in GitFlow.